# WebDesignLabRepo
Lab #1 Read Me
1.3
Exercise 1

Using Visual Studio, create the sample ASP.NET MVC Web application that uses C#.  Leave "No Authentication" selected and "Add unit tests" unchecked.
Start the application without debugging from Visual Studio.
Click on the "About" link in the navigation bar.  What code in the application just got executed?  Hint: Look at the address bar in the browser.

It called the home controller which accessed the about method in the controller which pulls up the view from the view folder

Click on the "Application name" in the navigation bar to return to the home page.
In the address bar of the browser, add /home/about to the end of the URL (after the port number) and hit enter.  Explain the process the MVC framework takes to result in the page displayed.  How does the MVC framework know what to display based upon the URL it receives?

The format for the url states that after the port /controller/action but in this case the call goes to the home controller's about method which returns a view
 
Exercise 2
What part of the Home controller generates the "About" page?

The home controller has a method called about which returns the about view who inherits its css from the layout.cshtml

What data is being generated by the controller to be displayed in the page?

As far data there is none generated from the controller it only makes a call to display the view with the same name scheme by returning a view object 

Where is the view that the controller invokes to display the page?
Inside the view folder home with the same name as the action called in the address
Describe the folder hierarchy convention that allows the MVC framework to find the correct view.

So the view function calls checks the view folder under the object title for a view with the same name as the method that called the view function
Models
-->ObjectModel
Controller
-->ObjectController
View
-->Object
---->ActionView
-->Shared
---->InheritedCSHTML (_layout.cshtml)

Find the place in the view where the data generated by the controller is displayed.  This is a simple example of the Razor syntax for adding C# logic to a view.
Change the data generated by the controller, rebuild and restart the application.  Redisplay the "About" page to see the new data displayed.
Add another piece of data to be displayed in the "About" page.  Redisplay the "About" page to see the new data.

Exercise 3
Create a new empty controller for the "Person" entity in your application with an "Index" method for displaying information for a person.
Right click on the "Controllers" folder, select "Add" and then "Controller".
Start the application in Visual Studio.
Go to the address bar and enter Person after the port number in the URL.  Hit enter.  What do you see?  Why?

There is nothing cause it is trying to reference a view that doesnt exist

Create a view for displaying a person.  Right click on the "Person" controller under "Views",
select "Add" and then "View".  Keep all of the default settings in the displayed dialog.
Repeat steps 2 and 3.  What do you see now?

I now see the view that I made

Add "person" data to the ViewBag in your new controller.
Add the display of the new "person" data to the view that you created.
Repeat steps 2 and 3.  What do you see now?

It shows the data that I added

Exercise 4
Add a "Person" model to your project.  Right click on "Models", select "Add" and then "Class".
Add data to the "Person" model that you think is relevant to your application.

I added the data but I didnt link it yet cause Im assuming next lab will be attaching a database 

Complete
Put the code you created for this lab up on a GitHub repository.  Don't forget to include a text file in the repo that contains the answers to the question above.
Send me an email indicating that you finished the lab and include the URL to your GitHub repository for this lab.
